new tests added for emoji and line breaks (#5)
cs4560-utah-sp24/test: tests/chapter2-exercise-line-breaks-tests.md

Tests for WBE Chapter 2 Exercise `Line Breaks`
==============================================

> A line break is represented by the sequence `\n`.The difference 
> between `\n` and `\r\n` stems from old typewriter mechanisms. `\n`
> (line feed) moves down to a new line, while `\r` (carriage return) 
> moves the carriage to the beginning of the line. `\r\n`, 
> combining both, is used in some systems (like Windows) to start a 
> new line.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Change `layout` to end the current line and start a new one
when it sees a newline character. Increment `y` by more than
`VSTEP` to give the illusion of paragraph breaks. There are
poems embedded in "Journey to the West"; now you’ll be able
to make them out.

Specifically, detect the `\n` character and add a line break.

(Side note: The difference  between `\n` and `\r\n` stems from old typewriter
mechanisms. `\n` (line feed) moves down to a new line, while `\r`
(carriage return)  moves the carriage to the beginning of the line.
`\r\n`, combining both, is used in some systems (like Windows) to
start a new line.)
```

    >>> this_browser.load(browser.URL(url))
    create_text: x=1 y=1 text=u...
    create_text: x=1 y=7 text=d...

> Testing that cursor_x Reset on Line Break

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure that cursor_x is reset on a line break:
```

    >>> url = 'http://wbemocks.test/cursor-reset-test'
    >>> wbemocks.socket.respond_200(url=url, body="eren\r\nmika")
    >>> this_browser = browser.Browser()
    >>> this_browser.load(browser.URL(url))
    create_text: x=1 y=1 text=e
    create_text: x=2 y=1 text=r
    create_text: x=3 y=1 text=e
    create_text: x=4 y=1 text=n
    create_text: x=1 y=3 text=m
    create_text: x=2 y=3 text=i
    create_text: x=3 y=3 text=k
    create_text: x=4 y=3 text=a

> Clarifying that \n is line break   

Reviewer: Move this to a note at the top, see one of the Chapter 7 exercises for a template (like https://github.com/cs4560-utah-sp24/test/blob/main/tests/chapter7-exercise-backspace-tests.md?plain=1)
